# A scalable approach to resolving variants of uncertain significance

This folder contains the scripts for reproducing the biobank validation presented in [**A scalable approach to resolving variants of uncertain significance**](https://doi.org/10.64898/2026.02.14.705848).

## Reproducing the analysis

The analysis was originally run in an *All of Us* Controlled Tier workspace (CDR version 8). [Link to workspace (not publically accessible)](https://workbench.researchallofus.org/workspaces/aou-rw-bc45bd6d/populationbasedvalidationandcalibrationofvariantscoringmethodscdrv8).
We divide the process into two main parts: generation of the odds ratio estimate dataframe (the resultant dataframe is available for download from the [IGVF Portal](https://data.igvf.org/tabular-files/IGVFFI3804AVJR/)) and generation of figures.

### Generation of the odds ratio estimate dataframe

The process to generate the odds ratio estimate dataframe requires running a series of notebooks in sequence.
The notebooks are located in the `notebooks` folder.
We note which notebooks make use of [Hail](https://hail.is/) and must be run in a Hail Genomics Analysis environment.
The remaining notebooks may be run in a General Analysis envoronment to controll costs.

1. `Prepare environment.ipynb` installs additional required python packages not including the `cvfgaou` package from this repository.
1. ... TODO ...
1. 

### Generation of figures

Scripts for generating figures are located in the `R` folder.
Before generating figures, ensure that the odds ratio estimate dataframe is available in a local file as `IGVFFI3804AVJR.csv.gz`.
Figures are generated by running the following `R` scripts in order:

1. `Setup.R` installs required libraries and sets up fonts. To produce figures with the Arial font, Arial TTF files need to be placed in `~/fonts` or be otherwise loaded by the `extrafont` package.
2. `Figure_2i.R` produces main figure panel 2i.
3. `Figure_6b.R` produces main figure panel 6b.
4. `Extended_Data_Figure_2.R` produces Extended Data Figure 2.

## Notebook archive

The `archive` folder contains an archive of the notebooks and R scripts originally used to perform the analysis make the figures. These scripts made use of files that predated publication of data to the IGVF portal and are no longer available.
