# A scalable approach to resolving variants of uncertain significance

This folder contains the scripts for reproducing the biobank validation presented in [**A scalable approach to resolving variants of uncertain significance**](https://doi.org/10.64898/2026.02.14.705848).

## Reproducing the analysis

The analysis was originally run in an *All of Us* restricted data workspace (CDR version 8). [Link to workspace (not publically accessible)](...).
We divide the process into two main parts: generation of the odds ratio estimate dataframe (the resultant dataframe is available for download from the [IGVF Portal](https://data.igvf.org/tabular-files/IGVFFI3804AVJR/)) and generation of figures.

### Generation of the odds ratio estimate dataframe

(to be documented)

### Generation of figures

Before generating figures, ensure that the odds ratio estimate dataframe is available in a local file as `IGVFFI3804AVJR.csv.gz`.
Figures are generated by running the following `R` scripts in order:

- `R/Setup.R` installs required libraries and sets up fonts. To produce figures with the Arial font, Arial TTF files need to be placed in `~/fonts` or be otherwise loaded by the `extrafont` package.
- `R/Figure_2i.R` produces main figure panel 2i.
- `R/Figure_6b.R` produces main figure panel 6b.
- `R/Extended_Data_Figure_2.R` produces Extended Data Figure 2.

## Notebook archive

The `archive` folder contains an archive of the notebooks and R scripts originally used to perform the analysis make the figures. These scripts made use of files that predated publication of data to the IGVF portal and are no longer available.
